Short-Range Weather Application Training 2022 Porting Over SRW/MRW Tools to the
UW Toolkit  December 16, 2022, 11:00 AM EST Interested in learning more about
using the applications EPIC is developing?


Short-Range Weather CodeFest 2022 UW Toolkit  December 5-9, 2022 Hosted on
Google Meet with breakout rooms The EPIC Team is hosting a week-long virtual
CodeFest open to participants of all


EPIC Winter 2022 Code Sprint Getting Started with the UFS: Running the
Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application November 18, 2022 11:00 AM EST Interested
in learning more about using the applications

EPIC Winter 2022 Hackathon November 14-20, 2022 Hosted on Google Meet with
breakout rooms The EPIC Team is hosting a week-long virtual hackathon open to
participants of all experience levels.

The NOAA Weather Program Office (WPO) presents an informative webinar about the
FY23 Funding Opportunity, hosted by the NOAA Central Library on Tuesday,
September 6th, 1 to 2 pm EDT.

EPIC Fall 2022 Code Sprint Getting started with UFS: Running the SRW application
September 9, 2022 Interested in learning more about using the applications EPIC
is developing?  Join the EPIC

EPIC Fall 2022 Hack-a-thon September 6-11, 2022 Hosted on Google Meet with
breakout rooms The EPIC team and NOAA are hosting a week long virtual hackathon
for anyone to join,

EPIC is pleased to announce its two hands-on workshops scheduled for January 8,
2023, at the 103rd American Meteorological Society (AMS) Annual Meeting. The
workshop topics are: Earth Prediction Innovation Center (EPIC) Workshop: Running


EPIC is happy to announce that we will be presenting at the AGU Fall Meeting,
December 12 – 16,  2022.  It is the most influential event in the world
dedicated

Unifying Innovations in Forecasting Capabilities Workshop A coordinated effort
between EPIC, the UFS, and the UFS-R20 July 18th-22nd at the Holiday Inn in
College Park, MD and virtually everywhere Abstract

AMS Short Course, June 6, 2022 AMS Short Course Running the UFS Short Range
Weather Application on the CloudPresented by EPIC The AMS Short Course was held
from 11am-3pm EST on

EPIC Summer Code Sprint Getting started with UFS: Running the SRW application
June 10 2022 Interested in learning more about using the applications EPIC is
developing?  Join the EPIC team


EPIC Summer Hack-a-thon June 13 – 18, 2022 Hosted on Google Meet with breakout
rooms Are you interested in learning more about the code that runs to generate
weather predictions,

UFS and EPIC Coastal and Ocean Modeling Town Hall at the AGU Ocean Sciences 2022
Meeting NOAA Unified Forecast System (UFS) and Earth Prediction Innovation
Center (EPIC) Coastal and Ocean

The First Symposium on Earth Prediction Innovation and Community Modeling As
part of the American Meteorological Society (AMS) 102nd Annual Meeting, the
Earth Prediction Innovation Center (EPIC) is holding the

American Meteorological Society (AMS) 102nd Annual Meeting The AMS Annual
Meeting is the world’s largest yearly gathering for the weather, water, and
climate community. This year, the Annual Meeting focuses

EPIC Presents at AGU Fall Meeting The Earth Prediction Innovation Center (EPIC)
is sending multiple representatives to present at the American Geophysical Union
(AGU) 2021 Fall Meeting. Be sure to

American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting 2021 The AGU Fall Meeting (#AGU21)
is the primary gathering for Earth and space scientists, students, and those in
affiliated fields to share scientific findings and identify
